Earth calling Yuya!
You're looking
a bit "spaced out"
this morning!
Oh, I guess
I'm still sleepy...
You'd better jump start
those neurons, buster!
(thinking)
I wish I could,
but they're exhausted
from thinking about that
masked duelist...
Who is he?
This is going to be
a big day!
I just hope you have
your trivia hat ready!
Huh? Trivia?
(Host)Correct! Now
we'll move on
to "Food Facts"for
ten points!
Here's the question.
What kind of fruit
is red and used
to make sauce for pasta?
(ringing)
An apple, of course!
Pierre,
what's your answer?
A tomato!
Correct again!
I'm wrong?
Not a big surprise since
you're always wrong.
But apples are
red fruit!
And you use them
to make apple sauce!
He said sauce
for pasta.
Yeah. Spaghetti
and apple sauce
is the best!
Next question!
What is Earth's di‐‐
(ringing)
Pierre!
7,918 miles!
Correct again!
The complete
question was,
"What is Earth's
diameter?"
Let's hear it for
Pierre L'Supérieure,
the Quiz Wiz
Extraordinaire!
Amazing!
That kid must have
a big brain
in his noggin!
Pierre's a genius!
He won every quiz show
he ever appeared on!
Nobody even
knows his IQ,
because it's so far
off the charts,
it can't be
measured!
Just the opposite
of someone I know.
Really?
Someone's that unsmart?
So tell us, Pierre,
how did you acquire
your knack for trivia?
It's thanks
to hard work and study!
The brain must be
exercised every day,
just like we exercise
our bodies!
There is nothing sadder
than a flabby,
out‐of‐shape brain,
especially in
a duelist!
Call me crazy,
but I think
Pierre's
referring to you.
Yeah, well, I work out
my brain all the time!
The only thing
you think about all day
is how to avoid
thinking!
How do you like that?
Answer a few dozen
trivia questions wrong,
and suddenly everyone thinks
you're an ignoramoose!
Anyway,
it's impossible
to be brilliant at
everything!
When it comes to dueling,
I'm already a genius,
and that's
good enough for me!
As one genius to another,
I heartily agree!
Thank you!
Stick with me, and there's
nowhere to go but up!
That hurt.
♪
♪ (Hey hey) Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Better shake a leg!
Nico...
What're we doing here?
Clarity Prep is one of the best
schools in the country!
It certainly is!
Many of the world's
top movers and shakers
have graduated from
this institution!
Politicians,
business elites,
reality TV
producers.
This place
churns out winners
like a cat can
churn out hairballs!
Really?
And they also
happen to produce some of
today's most talented
duelists!
(voice)
What part of our bodies has
the power to move
mountains?
(all)
Our muscles!
(all gasping)
You're wrong!
The correct answer...
is the human brain!
Hey, aren't you...
He's Clarity Prep's
star student
and smartest kid on Earth,
the one and only
Pierre L'Supérieure,
Quiz Whiz
Extraordinaire!
Being an expert
on everything,
I know
who you are... Yuya.
I've seen your
Pendulum Summoning,
and I must say
it left me impressed.
A pleasure!
Nice to meet you!
I just saw
that quiz show
that you dominated
yesterday!
I really look forward
to dueling you.
Mind if I ask you
a question
before we get going?
A question?
A moment ago,
you declared
that it was nice
to meet me, Yuya.
But do you know
how to say that in French?
Uh... that
a trick question?
There will be
a ten‐second
time limit.
Ten seconds?
Umm, my French is
kinda rusty...
Nice‐a‐voo‐tay...
to see voo‐play?
You're wrong!
The answer is"Je suis enchantée
de faire votre connaisance!"
(all)
What did he say?
"Nice to meet you!"
I myself speak
over one hundred
foreign languages!
I bet you don't know
a single tongue
other than your own.
(giggling)
And you do not
speak that well!
(laughing)
(all laughing)
Ha, ha, very funny,
Pierre!
Stop trying to make me
look like a fool
in front
of everybody!
You are doing that
yourself.
However, I'm willing
to admit you may not
be horrible
at everything.
I'll have you know...
I'm good at
a lot of things!
But what else
are you bad at?
Other than your French,
what are
your weaknesses?
And why should
I tell you!?
Tell me
your weaknesses,
and I will share mine
with you.
(growling)
I'm not too great
at science or math.
Ahh! What a great
pity for you!
Your turn!
Name something
you're bad at!
You want to know
my weaknesses?
(giggling)
I truly do not
have any!
None at all?
You understood me
correctly!
I know everything
that there is to know!
Or to put it
more bluntly,
I am quite simply
perfect!
A perfect show‐off!
What's your weakness?
He speaks the truth.
When it comes
to the world of trivia,
Pierre has a perfect command
of facts and figures.
They are all
stored up here,
in a brain that
makes yours
look puny
by comparison!
(laughing)
Attack!
It's game over!
That little shrimp
crushed me!
That's it?
It was over
so quick!
Yeah, we barely
started battling!
I'm glad I won,
but I was hoping for
a bigger challenge.
All right!
(thinking)
No matter what it takes,
I'm gonna becomeas strong
a duelist as Sora,
even though it meansI
can't cheer on Yuya
in his duels!
Apologies for
the long delay,
but this duel will definitely
be worth the wait!
Today's duel features
the Quiz Whiz Extraordinaire
himself!
Let's give it up
for Pierre L'Supérieure!
What's the greatest power?
(all)
Brain power!
His opponent is
none other than
the jaw‐dropping
dueltainer
and pioneer
of Pendulum Summoning,
Yuya Sakaki!
(all)
Get your brain in gear!
Duelists,
prepare for combat!
You will face‐off...
in the Action Field
Quiz Quest!
Our duelists need
every neuron in their brains
to succeed
in this realm!
It's the field where
the intelligent rule
and mental slackers
drool!
You can't cram
for this exam!
These two contenders
will have to turn
their knowledge banks
inside‐out
to survive this round!
Yuya and Pierre,
let the battle
of your brains begin!
We're gonna duel
on a quiz field?
(giggling)
That's correct!
But I am sure
that is the only thing
you will get
correct here!
This field requires
an expertise in
every facet
of knowledge!
In other words,
I will dominate
this domain!
(thinking)
I wonder how Yuya's
dueltaining style
will play in a field
full of questions.
This should be very
interesting...
It's time to begin
our no‐holds‐barred,
brain‐to‐brain brawl!
A whirlwind
battle of wits
featuring the Pendulum
Master, Yuya,
against Quiz Whiz
Extraordinaire, Pierre!
Get set...
...for a trial
by trivia
that will
leave you breathless!
Snap to it,
gentlemen!
(both)
Duel!
(voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
Let's start
with a question!
Which of us is going
to take the first turn?
(all)
The answer's you!
Right you are!
I'll go first
and will demonstrate my genius
by summoning Quiz Monkey!
He must be
monkeying around.
It has no attack points!
And yet many great things
have started from zero
as surely as
a primate possesses a tail!
Even a "weak" card
can be dangerous
in the hands
of a mastermind!
(giggling)
I could end
the match here,
but I think
I will toy with you
a little more!
It's a bluff!
He's just playing
mind games!
Yuya, I'm eager to see
your famous Pendulum Summon.
Unfortunately,
you will not have
the time to do it
this duel.
I agree!
See, I plan on keeping
this duel very short!
Front and center,
Performapal Bowhopper!
Awesome!
By using that bug,
he'll get the jump
on Pierre!
Bowhopper!
Spring at that Monkey
on my mark!
Get ready to launch...
Quiz Monkey's special ability
now activates!
Whenever you engage
Quiz Monkey in battle,
you have to answer
a question.
And here it is.
When this battle
reaches the end,
exactly how many
Quiz monsters
will remain
on the field?
Answer correctly,
and you will be
awarded a prize!
1,000 life points,
to be exact!
But if you're wrong,
I can summon my Monkey
from the graveyard.
And then your Bowhopper
will be destroyed,
and its attack points
funnel into my monster's
attack and defense
points.
Yuya, give me
your answer!
Uh, lemme think...
What was
the question again?
You must
pay attention!
At the risk of losing
one of your monsters,
you must tell me
how many Quiz monsters
will be left on the field after
this battle is done!
That's easy
since your Monkey has
no attack points.
My Bowhopper is
so powerful in comparison
that it can't lose!
So the answer is
zero Quiz monsters!
You have given
your answer.
Let us see if
you are right or wrong!
Oh, yeah! My answer was
so right on the mark!
No! You missed
by a mile!
Because I am activating
my trap Not So Fast!
This protects
one Quiz Monster
on my field
so that it cannot be
destroyed in battle
and wipes out
any damage I would take!
My Monkey remains
happily unharmed!
(all gasping)
The battle is over!
Now it's time
to assess the damage.
Yuya said there would be
no Quiz monsters left.
Ooh‐la‐la!
It appears one Quiz monster
still remains on my field!
Which means...
you were wrong!
You shall be
penalized!
Say au revoir
to your Bowhopper!
Your Bowhopper's loss
now becomes
Quiz Monkey's gain!
Uh‐oh!
What a silly boy I am!
I thought Yuya was right,
but the correct answer was one!
No. It was
a trick question.
If Yuya really had
answered one,
then Pierre would have let
his monster be destroyed
and not used
his trap.
So then I would've been wrong
no matter what answer I gave!
Correct!
I outsmarted you!
You may as well accept that
since this is a duel of wits,
you cannot possibly
defeat me!
I will always be
one step ahead of you,
since I am so smart,
far smarter than
a raisin‐brain like you,
Monsieur Yuya!
(laughing)
I dare you
to attack me!
I can't now.
Your move, Pierre.
Then I'll kick off my turn
with another question!
Can you name the nitwit
who will take severe damage
in a direct attack
during this turn?
Well, can you?
(growling)
Oh, come now!
This is the easiest
question so far!
Just look in
the mirror!
You'll see the answer
staring back at you!
(laughing)
Running away?
Good luck!
I know what
you are up to, Yuya!
You want to pick up
an Action Card!
Before you can reach it,
Quiz Monkey will
attack you directly!
Gotcha!
Action Trap
activates now!
Commence quiz action!
Action Trap?
Yes! This Action Card will
let you escape damage.
Yes!
But only if you answer
my quiz question
correctly.
(all)
What, a quiz?
If you answer
incorrectly,
however, you will
take the attack damage
and lose 100 additional
life points.
Ugh!
When you duel
on the Action Field
Quiz Quest,
activating Action Cards
is a matter of answering
trivia questions
correctly or incorrectly!
It can be an almost
impossible challenge.
Unless you are a Quiz Whiz
Extraordinaire!
Extraordinarily
annoying!
And now for
your question!
The category is Science
for 100!
Uh, science?
Let us begin!
Observe. There is
a full glass of water
with an ice cube
floating in it.
Question.
When the ice cube melts,
will the water in the glass
remain at the same level,
or will it overflow
from the glass?
Overflow!
(buzzer)
Your answer is
incorrect!
The penalty will
be assessed now!
Wait!
It's not fair!
Quiz Monkey,
time to go bananas!
Consider this
a science lesson!
You just learned
how gravity works!
(all laughing)
Attention,
everyone!
Check this move!
It will
further demonstrate
my superiority
over Yuya!
One of my Quiz monsters
damaged him in battle,
so that lets me
summon a card
that is
a real conundrum!
Quiz Sphinx!
As long as there is
a Quiz monster on my field,
this monster cannot
be attacked!
You can try, but it would be
a "monumental" mistake!
Get set! Quiz Sphinx is
going to flatten you
with Pyramid Power!
Aah!
NNFantastique!
Not only
are you bad at trivia,
but at dueling
as well!
(growling)
Take your turn even though
you cannot beat me!
(growling)
Let's find out!
(thinking)Now to answer the
only question that matters.
Can I pull off an upset
against Pierre
or not?
(thinking)
My best hope of taking down
Pierre
is to get an Action Card,
but that means
I'll have to get
a trivia question right!
Hopefully, I'll snag one
with an easy question!
No matter
how fast you run,
it will not make
any difference,
ultimately!
Alas, not only
will you lose this race
to get an Action Card,
you will be
utterly humiliated!
Huh?
Too late!
Action Trap
activates now!
Commence quiz action!
Answer correctly,
and you will win
300 life points!
The category is Trivia
for 300!
True or false.
Raccoon and chest
are spelled
with the same
number of C's.
False!
Correct!
Raccoon has two C's.
And I am sure...
Yuya has more C's than that
on his report card!
Why do you get
easy questions?
Just lucky,
I guess!
Really lucky!
Action Trap
activates now!
If your answer is correct,
you gain 500 life points!
Okay, the category is Trivia
for 500!
True or False.
Comedians make great doctors.
It's true!
Correct! Because laughter
is the best medicine!
(laughing)
Aw, come on,
that one was easy!
I am on a roll!
Action Trap‐‐
Get on with it!
All right.
If you insist.
Answer the following
question correctly,
and you will gain
1,000 life points.
The category is Trivia
for 1,000.
Where did the car take the man
on the hottest day of the year?
The car pool!
Correct!
(Yuya)
All these quizzes!
It's just like school
except without recess!
He's racking up life points
like there's no tomorrow!
Pick up the pace, Yuya!
I'm trying!
There's gotta be
another card somewhere...
Ah‐ha!
That card is mine!
Pierre won't beat me
this time!
Haa!
Action Trap
activates now!
Answer the question
correctly,
and you will gain
100 additional life points.
If you are wrong,
you will lose 100.
I'm ready!
The category is Math
for 100.
Sorry?
Did you say math?
Question.
If pillars were placed
10 yards apart from
each other,
how many pillars
would be needed to span
a distance
of 100 yards?
What a piece of cake!
It's 100 divided by 10,
so 10 is the answer!
(buzzer)
Hold on!
(groaning)
(laughing)
The right answer
is 11, genius!
(all laughing)
Why can't Yuya stop
and think a little
before he answers?
I'll have better luck
this time!
Perfect!
Action trap
activates now!
The category is Math
for 200.
In this example,
two dice will be rolled.
The first die
turns up six.
Question.
What are the odds
that the second die will
also turn up six?
Let's see...
six plus six is 12...
It's 12!
(buzzer)
Wrong. The answer is
one in six.
What a fiasco!
It would take
a mathematical miracle
for him to win
this duel.
Action trap!
The category is Science
For 300.
Observe. There are
300 kilograms of steel
and 300 kilograms
of cotton.
Question.
Which is heavier?
That's gotta be
a trick question,
so the answer is cotton!
(buzzer)
Wrong.
They both weigh
the same.
He can't get
one right.
If only his brain were
as fast as his mouth!
Even a kindergartener
could do better!
You keep getting
math and science questions,
but that's how the croissant
crumbles, Yuya!
And whenever
you pick up a card,
it's a trivia
question!
(thinking)
It's as if he knew
where the trivia cards
would be
and picked
those up first.
And he left all the cards he
knew I'd have trouble with
for me to pick up!
Thanks, Pierre!
I pity you,
Monsieur Yuya.
Your performance has
been so pathetic,
you deserve to enter
the Dueling Hall of Shame!
I have enjoyed
watching you squirm,
but I really want to see you
fly off the rails!
In this next round,
I'm upping the ante!
What's that mean?
You will see
when I activate this card!
If you found the Quiz Quest
challenging,
then your brain
should quiver with dread
as you enter the next phase
of our battle!
Quiz Quest
Extra Stage!
The questions will
only get tougher for you!
Prepare to be
flambéed!
(cackling)